[ENH] Add preliminary docs for Neurobagel communities (beta) (#369)
neurobagel/documentation: docs/data_models/communities.md

# Community vocabularies for consortia (beta)

!!! info
    This section describes an early-stage feature under active development.

We are actively developing support for Neurobagel "community" vocabularies: custom standardized vocabularies of terms which are curated and governed by individual research consortia. 
This feature allows a consortium to use more detailed or domain-specific standardized terms than are available in the [core set of external ontologies](dictionaries.md) provided by Neurobagel, 
ensuring more precise harmonization of phenotypic data across an existing network of sites.

> Community vocabularies can be integrated into the Neurobagel ecosystem and made available for tabular data annotation by consortium members.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Neurobagel tools support community vocabularies.
For example, you can use our [beta annotation tool](https://beta-annotate.neurobagel.org/)
to allow your consortium members  to annotate their tabular data with your community vocabulary.
```
Or something like that

Example of community vocabulary selection in the annotation tool:

![Annotation tool community configuration dropdown](../imgs/annotation_community_config.png)

> We have developed an initial workflow for creating and integrating a community vocabulary of **assessment terms** into Neurobagel. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have developed an initial workflow for creating a community vocabulary of **assessment terms** into Neurobagel. 
```
